Update docs on `retry` for useQuery (#128)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: docs/query-usage.mdx

- Query results that are _currently rendered on the screen_ will become "stale" immediately after they are resolved and will be refetched automatically in the background when they are rendered or used again. To change this, you can alter the default `staleTime` for queries to something other than `0` milliseconds.
- Query results that become unused (all instances of the query are unmounted) will still be cached in case they are used again for a default of 5 minutes before they are garbage collected. To change this, you can alter the default `cacheTime` for queries to something other than `1000 * 60 * 5` milliseconds.
- Stale queries will automatically be refetched in the background **when the browser window is refocused by the user**. You can disable this using the `refetchOnWindowFocus` option in queries or the global config.

> - Queries that fail in production will silently and automatically be retried **2 times, with exponential backoff delay** before capturing and displaying an error to the UI. To change this, you can alter the default `retry` and `retryDelay` options for queries to something other than `2` and the default exponential backoff function.
>   - By default, queries with the following errors will not be retried:
>     - `AuthenticationError`
>     - `AuthorizationError`
>     - `CSRFTokenMismatchError`
>     - `NotFoundError`
>     - `ZodError`
>     - And all Prisma errors

Author: ```suggestion
- Queries that fail in production because of a network error will silently and automatically be retried **3 times, with exponential backoff delay** before capturing and displaying an error to the UI. To change this, you can alter the default `retry` and `retryDelay` options for queries.
```
